Affordable DNA Testing 12 month operation, marketing  and financial projections...

October 8,  2020

OVERVIEW & PURPOSE

Twelve month business projection for DNA Paternity to reference.

NOV - JAN 2020

Obtain Atty. to write up 

Obtain CPA

Choose Bank/Square account

MS(Marty Simpson) continues creating marketing and begins taking calls in early October.

One floating employee...Ben...and or other

RB(Rachel Brunnworth) oversees early operations(Ben) while staying at her current positions at SLU/Brewers



Jan - March 2021

Income permitted, RB leaves her position at SLU to operate full time manager

Add full time DNA Paternity phone attendant

RB/MS assists with overflow calls and helps further develop the company with MS.

Income permitting, we hire a Web Farm to build 1500 template websites that we migrate to our secure account, then MS can apply proprietary GEO SEO to each.  Estimated Web Farm cost $3000.





June - Sept 2021

Goal at this time is to have approx. 100 Google Store Fronts created and launched by MS

Being on a vertical upward net margin, we conservatively judge the number of phone attendants….Possibly use floating part time to assist with volume.  From past experience an estimation would probably be two full time attendants with rollover from a floater and/or RB and MS.



Sept - Jan 2022

Continue using Web Farm to accelerate SEO and expand subdomain topics to secure certain markets that are not currently being specifically identified in the marketplace

Adhering to this plan, the company should be fully optimized and be in a perfect position to naturally grow its own SEO with time. SERP will achieve top tier status within six to eight months after launch.  However, most will achieve this within a month though.

A realistic estimate in today's online marketplace for DNA Paternity Testing, this company should bring $40,000 to $45,000 a month. With low marking cost and cost control measures in general, the net margin will be very impressive, actually doing it this way, much more than in past.





- Activities for MS during the 12 month period

Priority is DNA to start generating  the much needed capital that we are lacking now...Can be done(did it once) but adherence to a budget and slow but customer friendly growth best be followed.

As in the past, MS can concurrently be developing and building Covid IgG Antibody( Google's Ads) and the STD Company( multiple Geo SEO strategies), but will need others to take calls during much of this time.

Ultimate Goal….Evaluate whether this would be a great company to sell once equity fully developed and a strong net margin revue stream can be firmly documented(24 months).  This can be discussed, but could lead to the necessary capital to help other projects...the two patents/ transformative commercial property etc etc.
