Company Description: Anti Snow and Ice manufactures and markets an innovative Eco-Friendly Solution designed to bring convenience and safety to motorists in cold weather climates by eliminating the need to scrape snow and ice off the vehicles windshield and other applicable body panels. 

 



 Product Description

Anti Snow & Ice, LLC is a revolutionary Eco Friendly viscous liquid that is applied on recommended surfaces in order to protect from the accumulation of snow, ice and frost.  The application process is achieved by applying Anti Snow and Ice, using a specifically designed plastic PET bottle, onto the surface of your vehicle.

Once applied, Anti Snow & Ice remains on the applied surface indefinably.  Anti Snow & Ice will remain on the windshield until the motorist engages the windshield wiper fluid to dilute and remove the majority of product.  Residual remaining product that accumulates after initial application on top of the wiper blades further continues to melt accumulating snow and ice as the motorist drives the vehicle during the winter event.

Additionally the product is engineered to act as a cleaning agent as the wipers are engaged, removing any prior material accumulated from normal driving conditions prior to a weather event. 

The packaging will be compatible and characteristic with existing automotive PET bottles and be available in a variety of sizes.

Competitive Comparison

 As one the first and effective environmentally friendly Anti Snow and Icing Product in the market, Anti Snow & Ice, LLC will build brand identity, establishing the company as the standard for and above all others.

One of the main product that exists (Prestone) on the market, proclaim Anti Icing benefits, though shown consistently to be inferior to Anti Snow and Ice, LLC.  Also, Prestone’s product is toxic and damaging to surfaces and has no Eco Friendly merit.

Eco Friendly Anti Snow offers a high value, convenient and safe alternative to products like ice scrapers and snow brooms which can cause damage to vehicles.

As Anti Snow & Ice, LLC  products become more familiar in a marketplace, the product will begin to pressure auto manufactures to adopt eco friendly Anti Ice over traditional means of removing snow and ice like the automobile defroster and wiper fluid, both of which have repeatedly been shown to be inferior.

Highlights

. 

The Anti Snow and Ice control market is undeserved with no currently represented Eco-Friendly product available other than De  Icing products that are after the winter weather event, not before. 

Anti Snow and Ice has been engineered to be more reliable and efficacious than anything currently available.  Competitive comparison testing indicates that Anti Snow and Ice performance uniformly beats any other anti icing agent used in an attempt to perform in a similar manner.



Further future expansion of the product line involves introduction as:

Commercial Grade Anti Snow & Ice use on power lines to prevent freezing and damage.

Commercial Grade for Public Works Street Departments for use on roads.

Commercial Grade usage for and within the Commercial Trucking Industry.

Commercial Grade usage for Nautical Application to combat icing which causes vessel capsizing.

Commercial Grade usage for boat docks and roof structures weighted down by snow and ice.

R&D stage for use as an Anti Icing Aeronautical Agent.

R&D stage for use as an agricultural product to prevent crop freeze.



Revenue Model:  Anti Snow & Ice, LLC is the first and only Eco Friendly anti snow and Icing product in the marketplace.  As a result, the product has received interest and perfectly poised to obtain significant attention from the Info commercial Industry. If successful in obtaining an agency, many of the traditional elements associated with bringing a product such as Anti Snow & Ice, LLC to market are avoided.  As a result, revenues have the potential of greatly increasing as compared to other products following the traditional model.

 

Target Markets:  Anti Snow & Ice, LLC is initially focused on the Info commercial Industry to establish branding ( As Seen on TV Product line) with the ultimate goal of following this route to traditional markets (As Seen on TV products are the number one seller at Walgreens America and others) 



Market Sizing and Competition: The Anti snow and Icing market in the United States is estimated at 300 million annually.  Currently the Eco Friendly product, Anti Snow and Ice LLC, is the only product positioned to capitalize this market.  The other competitor (Prestone) is an inferior, non eco friendly product with only other post weather event products like De- Icing (which eliminates the convenience and safety found with Anti Snow and Ice LLC), which attempt to resolve cold weather related events after the fact.

 

Near-Term Outlook: Being an Eco friendly product, Anti Snow and Ice will benefit from continued environmental concern and awareness. The “green” industry is estimated to grow from $$$$$$ to $$$$$$ by 2012.



Funding Need: X amount of dollars for a credit revolver with interest and equity kicker to support 2011 initial and ongoing annual operations. 

 

Funding History: X amount of dollars direct and indirect financial contributions from the founders, used to formulate prototype and establish existing initial structure. 

 

Use of Funds 



1. Development of working prototype



2. Funding of working capitol requirements and promotional materials for the initial operating activities of the company



3. Nominal SG&A expenses









Company Profile



Industry: Environmental Product 

Employees: 3

Incorporated: 2011 

Production Location Fairview Heights, Il



Inventor

Martin D. Simpson

msimpson215@gmail.com
