DNA Paternity Test Narrative
General OVERVIEW of a typical call
Acknowledging that special circumstances will arise during some calls, the following
illustrates a general outline and a typical call narrative between a Testing
Representative and a client.
Outline
1. Determine which test
2. How many being tested
3. Determine clients location
4. Obtain Client/Child data
5. Schedule appointment
6. Explain process and results
7. Collect credit card payment
8. Give your contact info
Call Narrative Example for legal DNA Paternity Test:
● Phone rings
● DNA Testing can I help you?
● Yes how much is your DNA Test?
● Well...are you needing this for court or other legal reasons like a visa?
● Yes, for court.
● Ok we can do that for you. The court approved test we have is approved in every
US court. All testing is done through our affiliate DNA Diagnostic Center (DDC) the
largest paternity Lab in the country.
● For two people, father and child, the test is $219 total, which includes all the
documents, notary, medical directors signature etc etc. The test is actually more
formal than an actual birth certificate.
● Is the test for you (male, alleged father) ?
● Yes
● And is there one child...a girl or boy?
● A baby boy, he is 6 months.
● Great, are you still with Mom?

-- 1 of 3 --

● No
● (OPTIONAL IF FEELING THE NEED TO DISCUSS) Whats the situation, are you
questioning paternity or is she?
● (The story)
● (State to client) No matter what, it's important to find the answer. Get tested
somewhere, somehow. Until that happens you will always question, that is not
good for you or the child.
● Yes I understand
● We can get you in for the DNA collection today or tomorrow. What time is good
for you?
● I am available but need to find out about my son.
● Let’s go ahead a start the process by scheduling your appointment though, then
we can separately schedule your Son’s appointment through Mom. All samples
are matched through the case number when they arrive at the DDC National Lab.
● OK
● We have an appointment available at 3:00 today
● OK, how do I pay?
● Once the appointment is scheduled and confirmed your credit card will be run for
the $219.
● Ok
● OK, what is your full name and date of birth….and your Son’s?
● Answer
● I will email you the appointment confirmation and a receipt for the test.
● Ok
● Results should be back in three to four days, we will email you and then send the
hard copies by mail.
● Call me with any questions
● Ok, thank
● Your very welcome
Notes:
1. By the client simply picking up the phone to call us, they are having doubts that
will forever haunt them if they do not resolve that question by getting tested. Our
services are the best, most accurate and most affordable. We are here, confident
about our service and always ready to help get them tested.
2. Use the classic, “personal professional” approach..is good bedside manner

-- 2 of 3 --

Supportive Materials for Testing Representative
1. Access to computer/tablet and Internet
2. Client Intake form
3. Curabitur tincidunt elementum ante
ACTIVITY
Describe activity that will reinforce the lesson
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh
euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat.

-- 3 of 3 --
