Medical Testing Solutions (MTS) is a ecommerce business located in Illinois.  It is a medical Internet startup established in October 2017, that provides DNA Paternity Tests individuals throughout the United States.  A DNA Paternity Test establishes genetic proof whether a man is the biological father of an individual, Martin Simpson, who has  extensive knowledge and experience in the field, will lead the MTS  team. 



Local and State governments in recent years are aggressively going after potential fathers that do not contribute to the cost of childcare.  By legally establishing who the father is puts the onus on this parent and as a result allowing the government entity to save financially.  DNA Paternity Testing is how they establish parenthood.



Over the past two years, Marty Simpson has developed a unique Internet market strategy for DNA paternity testing that others are not fully taking advantage of. This strategy eliminates the high Internet market cost that current competitors experience (upwards of 35% of gross).  As a result allowing us to offer testing at $225, which is $110 less than our lowest priced competitor.   



A significant amount of our business concept is creating hundreds of websites and applying Geo sensitive Search Engine Optimization (SEO) to these websites .  All this is done in house. so the equity created in the company is my labor.  Each retail value of a website would average $1200 each.  I hope that this could be at least recognized as "sweat" equity and seen as my strong belief and commitment to the concept.

MTS is a call center that sets up DNA Paternity Testing by using Laboratory Corporations 2000 Patient Service Centers (PSC) located throughout the country..  We do not see our clients in our Lebanon, Illinois office, rather,  all contact is done by phone or other electronic means. 

Once a client contacts us and decides to be tested, we process all necessary paperwork, collect payment and then instruct the client to a PSC nearest them for collection of the sample.  All results come to us first, then we electronically send or mail them to the client. 

Between 2000 and 2009, DNA Paternity Test performed by LabCorp increased 64% (1).  As noted earlier, this number continues to increase every year due to not only the municipality pushing to not expend finances for child care of fathers, but also the increased acceptance of DNA technology in the general public. With over six million children with unknown fathers(2), the demand for convenient, accurate and affordable DNA Paternity Testing we expect will continue to grow.



Having MTS in Lebanon, Illinois has operational value.  With its proximity to St. Louis Metropolitan Area, we have a wealth of qualified employees to access when needed.  Plus, being in a Central Time Zone, our 7:00am to 7:00 pm covers both heavily populated coastal areas of the United States.



Employees

For the first three months, Martin Simpson will continue to build more websites per our marketing model and field all incoming client calls.  We are estimating two to three test a day that I can process considering each test takes average eight minutes.  Once we reach a point that it’s financially feasible, hiring a part time person, then later a full time can be considered.

An employee will be responsible for being knowledgeable and well versed regarding all aspects of DNA Paternity Testing.  I will provide the training and material necessary to achieve this.

Our staff represents and is the initial first impression a client will encounter.  After a three-month period, iit’s proposed that a qualified employee will be paid $45 a test and assigned that client.  At a time the company matures enough (six months plus) we will obtain a credible health care plan and pay 80%.  I believe that once you find a valuable employee, pricing them out of the market can help retain them.  

Management

Martin Simpson will oversee all startup and initial operations, then train and supervise the first part time employee. 



Customer (Target Market)

Our target market serves mainly 18-35 year old single family household with small children.  Of these household over six million children do not know who the father is(3). Households of this type can typically be on a fixed income, making the establishment of parentage more important...i.e. a legal document to pursue child support.  However, some parents also just want to make sure of parentage and our non legal DNA Paternity Test can resolve that question too.  Parents throughout the United States can access our testing for either reason above.  With parents ordering over 600,000 paternity test last year(4), we believe our business model can strive even on a small percentage of that total.

Marketing

I have created  50 websites so far and plan to continue to produce over 500 as MTS grows.  By doing this, I am creating a free way to advertise on the organic Internet rather than expensive Cost Per Click advertising the competitors do. 

Over time, my websites continue to gain Pagerank and eventually will dominate Geo Local Search Engine Results Page (SERP).  Basically, I will dominate the free organic Internet search, when an individual is searching for DNA Paternity Testing in their geographical area.

No print or direct mail will be pursued due to the exorbitant cost involved(5).  Plus, by catering to our demographic market, organic searches match up perfectly with our demographic searches for DNA Paternity Testing - Smartphones( (6)).  Having a marketing strategy in this manner sets the company apart from others on the Internet.

The competition on the Internet uses the traditional, easy way to market their services, mainly, traditional Cost Per Click  Advertising Campaigns(CPC).

Certain keywords within these CPC campaigns can reach as high as $11.00 a click for top position SERP. This considerable financial burden can reach 45% of gross in these companies.  The campaigns are very time consuming and very difficult to control because the spending is not in real time i.e the CPC cost can get out of control very fast. 



An example of two new companies are exemplified here:



Test me DNA   http://testmedna.com/ Bridgeton, Mo



Health Street   https://www.health-street.net/  2417 Third Ave., Suite 813

Bronx, NY 10451



Both these companies offer national DNA Paternity Testing, use more traditional CPC Internet marketing and offer testing at $335 and $395.  The is the same test offered by MTS, for $245.  These two companies exemplify the vast majority of other DNA Paternity Testing found on the Internet.



Another competitor, is the The DNA Paternity Testing Center :



 www.dnapaternitytestinginc.info Columbia, Il



This company does national testing as well. They attempted to use a loosely free organic technique like the one MTS uses, but failed to realize the complexity, diligence and innovation involved.  Plus, they have no in house web developer which causes them to contract out at great expense for the websites.



An important evolution that these companies have not realized, involves the overwhelming use of Smartphones used by the demographic that needs DNA Paternity Testing.  These companies are using somewhat archaic CPC campaigns that worked on Desktops, Laptops or large tablets in the past, but do not show well on smaller smartphones used today.  Ninety-eight percent of  callers use these smartphones.



Equally important is recognizing that our marketing cost is so minimal (but will generate better customer acquisition) compared to the competition because MTS can offer the same DNA Paternity Test from Labcorp considerable less - $245.  The competitors have been operating over two years plus, in some cases ten years plus, and have accepted the high cost of advertising in relation to the gross income.  As a result, it would be difficult for these competitors to lower the price that much without damaging their entire business and their ROI.  Creating a major benefit for MTS to enter the market now.





Competitive Advantage



MTS prides itself on being very "client centered" sets us apart from just taking an order.  We work with our clients from beginning to beyond post care.

Some of our competitors use LabCorp DNA Paternity Test, but none following this philosophy of thoroughly going the extra step when asked or needed by their clients.



Regarding the DNA Paternity Industry, an important realization needs to be recognized.  With mainstream media and catchy marketing campaigns, DNA Paternity Testing has become increasingly common knowledge and individuals have widely accept the test as the "gold standard".   As a result, individuals who seek testing take the most affordable option.

Over the past five years, pricing for DNA Paternity Testing has remained relatively the same.  The cost roughly ranges between $325 and $600.  With MTS new marketing technique that eliminates paying exorbitant fees mentioned earlier, we are able to retail the same test for $245.  Our test cost to Labcorp is $100, with each test taking average 8 minutes.

Plus, our competitors are committed to older marketing campaigns that they are financially locked into, making difficult to lower their costs.
