OPPORTUNITY SUMMARY FORM 



Action: Complete this document for EACH opportunity being submitted to TIF's Commercialization Investigation Program. 



Objective:  Please provide a HIGH LEVEL, one paragraph answer to the following four questions.  Refer to the attached Commercialization Screening document for guidance.   



 

 

Company Name: Dissoluble Child Bandage aka "No More Ouchees" 

 

 

Date:  

 

 

Completed By:   Martin Simpson

 



 

 

Describe the product?  

No More Ouchees (NMO) is the first biodegradable, antiseptic, and dissoluble bandage marketed towards children.  Unlike conventional bandages or  " Band-Aid's ",  NMO is applied to the skin topically and adhered using a biodegradable, water soluble tac.  To remove, simply place under water and within fifteen to forty five seconds NMO dissolves breaking down into its natural organic components.  

 

 

 



Describe the current stage of product development? 

The product has been generally prototyped, awaiting controlled specific study to meet FDA Medical Device Class 1 Approval .  However, a topical bandage does not require regimented or intensive approval as other invasive devices such as pacemakers.  Referencing Commercialization Screening document the current stage would be categorized as number two:  

" New product opportunities which are substantially completed....Research is complete and development has a defined Scope of Work."

 

 

 

 



Describe the industry/target market(s)? 

Traditional development of a product like NMO is plausible. However,  perhaps NMO is best sub contracted to a established company, like ASO LLC in Sarasota, Fl., that has all mechanisms in place specifically, manufacturing, distribution and marketing connected to the children's bandage market.

 

 

 



Describe barriers to entry? 

Since the introduction of the " Band-Aid" in 1928, no product like NMO exists.  Patent options most definitely need to be explored.  The actual organic compounds along with the specific use of the product, hopefully, can be legally protected.  However. the very specific "process" that must be followed during product manufacturing including time, temperature, order of ingredients and drying times should be the strongest variables for legal protection against encroachment from competition.

The product most definitely has the potential to revolutionize the market place.







-- 

Martin D. Simpson

martindsimpson@gmail.com

internetmanagementservices.net
