Just to be clear, it can be used on ice during ice storms or frost in the early spring or late fall or snow anywhere in the world. So snow, ice, or frost before the storm, but it can be used after as well.

It's a couple of other points on pre-de-icer. When you put it on, because of the angle of the windshield, you can literally spray it on top a little slowly, just coat the whole windshield, and then it accumulates on the wiper blades, and that's significant because it stays there when you're driving and your wiper blades don't freeze, so you see those people in the road or sometimes even crazy on the highway reaching out and banging on their windshield wipers to unfreeze them because they aren't working anymore. Plus, I think you mentioned with a high alcohol content, your window is totally clean.

And all those road accidents you've seen on overpasses or bridges where they're just like a hockey rink—if you put a previewer there, not only would it start to melt the ice, but his cars would go through it. That simple motion of the tire would spread it further on the road as well as on their car, cleaning it away from all the salt or brine or whatever they use.

But the key thing is you're right. I think it's mine, 28 or -30 salts, and effective, not a pre-de-icer; you can put it on that same bridge and do the same thing. I'm sure municipalities know, or at least the road crews know, which overpasses or bridges are prone to freezing in a weather event like a freezing rain event or sleet. They would simply go there before what pretty eyes are down; they could even go there during or after it's combating it and so many different directions. For example, they put Brian as an anti-icer on overpasses and ridges and still get the ice. It's a viscosity; this is a key element here. It's not an alcohol-based solvent or even like water; it's thicker than hand sanitizer but not as thick as honey. 

It's very similar to maple syrup that you would put on your pancakes.

On that note, we had to put in denatonium benzoate.

To make it extremely bitter to the taste, like they do with other common household products. Without that, I actually do it as demonstrations. I'll put my finger in it and taste it in small quantities like that. It's fine. The only thing that would be bad is isopropyl alcohol, but the rest is food grade that we use every day. Obviously, I would not recommend that. That was just kind of a funny little marketing thing we used to do to friends.

I've always said, like, those crab boats up in Alaska—I think it shows Deadliest Catch or something—if they use this, especially, I could formulate it in a thicker, commercial grade for nautical use. They would not have to use rubber hammers to bang on the ship all the time. I mean, obviously, I guess it'd be extra weight for them, but I just kind of always thought about that.

In relation to boat docks, you could spray it on the roof with the power sprayer or airless sprayer to keep the boat complex from sinking and bringing the boats with it. I recall in the Ozarks years ago some 2500 boats were lost because they had too much weight on the actual docks. Well, you just spray it and everything else. If you want, you can spray it again. You could control it; there'd be something you could do rather than just sit there and watch your boat sink.

I guess it's at Jones Factor, but once I gave it to my staff or just a bunch of people—think about six people in the parking lot after an ice storm—and it totally worked, and it was funny because all the other offices of people around and right at 5:00 or looking like how they do, you know, I've been out here scraping away, and it would always impress me.

I also remember a time when staff member of mine used it on one side of her window in fact this was a very first first field test with someone else using it and she just put it on one side of her window ice storm came and it was significant I would say probably quarter inch of ice and that side of the window nothing the other side totally froze then she went further and wanted to see if it took it off and sprayed it half on the Frozen side that side cleaned off I think it was minus 16 degrees that day and the funny thing I always laughed about because the guy that work for me in the back you know it didn't really say anything and it took him 20 minutes to get all the ice off so he could drive and then I get a call I remember from that staff person to use the product and she was on the windshield and it's like on the highway and she's like window is so clean and my wife is not frozen and it was still coming down hard so I always just remember the excitement there.

Commercially, it's kind of endless. Anywhere where there's ice, I mean, you would think that conductors and engineers on trains have to work around the ice, or, you know, heavy machinery has to work around ice everywhere. That's why I brought up the military. I mean, they have a lot of heavy machinery, but the trucking industry, which I would think would be big, puts it on the window. There are just so many trucks. I think it'd be big.



As we get further into it, the other thing I can do is actually modify the formula to make it thinner, possibly to be used in the West Coast with frost freezing in the mornings. That process, like glue and being thinner, would be much more easily removed, not being an issue. Conversely, I can make it thicker for any kind of applications where the viscosity would need to be increased. And chemically I can modify the solution to a specific freezing point. Applications just seem endless.

Looking like Washington fidget sound I don't know if they still do it, but at one time they stopped using calcium chloride because it was polluting the sound and other places. They just used sand, like in Alaska, because it's too cold; salt doesn't work. But then, you know, places where water is, like Puget Sound, or I'm sure, like, didn't think of anywhere else, but that'd be a great way to protect aquatic life and especially the foliage and the plant life in the water. Again, it's food grade, but in some ways it's arguable we can actually act as a fertilizer; it's the alcohol evaporated enough over days. Then I'll be left with propylene glycol, dancing gum, and starch—things that are in everyone's refrigerator right now in other products. The point is it's better than what's out there; it's less toxic, and what's out there is before rather than after, or it could be after, and it's early, inexpensive, and in larger quantities.

I also remember I guess it's about 10 years ago in Atlanta Georgia it was a huge ice storm it's shut the city down for three days all because the roads were ice and I was just looking at like I could have prevented that even afterwards could have prevent just by putting it down again with those cars moving the tires you know how it kind of get slushy will it works its way into there and because of viscosity it won't totally break down it'll take time and that'll give it enough to get out and plus I can even add CMA in it which is fairly biodegradable not as well as mine but if someone really municipality really wanted it for the highways I get out of that and I could even add some very small pellets as long as they could get out of the sprayers for Brian so I mean it there's so many different variables it's just incredible

By the way, the agricultural applications would be a different patent; it does have different chemicals to sustain that exothermic reaction. But again, it's organic.

Many people are asked, Could you put it in your windshield wiper fluid? I haven't tried it, but I do think that it's probably too thin of a tube in the inner diameter to handle the viscosity. However, if it does have white appeal, I could see automakers having a secondary reservoir to use where it would just squirt on the windshield and the wipers would not move because you wouldn't want the wipers to move. You would want it to stay there. Going to be an aftermarket product? Yeah, you could do it. That would be down the road.

And I've always envisioned living here in the Midwest; weather reports have gotten so accurate they can time it by the minute. Okay, it's going to be hitting this town and hitting this town, and everyone's like, Oh my gosh, right now I'm getting milk and bread. Oh, I have to go get a scraper, but you would have this in your glove box, walk outside, spray it on the window, and put it back, and gloves go in time to go walk outside, get on your door, lock your door, clean up, open up, get in, wipe, and drive away. It's that easy.

And I always thought we weren't going to do it, but he never did an infomercial. That guy, like Billy Mays little promoter, would be holding a big thing of ice scrapers and then throw them away and never use an ice cream again. You know, I always kind of laughed at that, but you're there.

To be amazed, once you hit it with windshield wiper fluid because of its chemical content, it can break it down pretty quickly, usually about six or seven wipes, but also the wipes help then, you know, again, it'll accumulate on the wiper to prevent blade freezing, which has got to be a dangerous thing because you can't see it again. More accidents? Can't imagine. I think it's something like 25% of all highway accidents are due to snow and ice. I don't know if that's a correct figure, but I know it's high.

But you know, think about all the deaths. I think you probably have it, but I've always thought if you just saved one life, just one, that would be incredible. That can kind of drive you to get this out there because it works. I tried for years to make it not work, and you can't get it to.

You can put it on a clear coat car with 85° outside because there's fluctuations. Look at Denver; you don't get snow on and be 75° and all it does is dry. We just turn your wipers on, it reactivates, and then it comes off. Actually, it dissolves when it dries; there's no structure to it, so you hit it with wiper fluid or water and it just dissolves.

If there are blizzard conditions even if the snow is coming down so hard but it does cumulate a little where the coating of pre deicer is with time it will melt and even if you wanted to remove it there would be no snow or ice adhering to a sidewalk
