PRE DE-ICER

2024

Pre De-Icer is a clear viscous ice melt that can be applied before a winter storm on surfaces to prevent ice formation. Unlike other products, Pre De-Icer’s honey like fluid coats and has superior surface area properties to combat ice, snow and frost during a winter weather event.



MULTIPLE PURPOSES, APPLICATIONS, and BENEFITS

Not only can Pre De-Icer be applied before the winter storm it also can be used during and after to melt ice, snow, and frost.

Pre De-Icer’s main advantage is being a thick fluid.  Other products dry quickly, evaporate, actually freeze or are washed away during a winter storm. No other product in the industry has this advantage.

Performs better in subzero temperatures than other products. 

Due to its thickness, applications last longer.

Is not a pollutant or a corrosive product. 

Note - explore adding Calcium Magnesium Acetate. 

Municipal Street Departments:

Enter the billion dollar road anti-icing and de-icing market.

Apply to road and bridge surfaces before, during, and after a winter storm.

Automobile tires help mix Anti-Ice and coat the tires to reduce ice buildup which leads to slippage and potential accidents.

In dense metropolitan areas, such as New York, Anti-Ice can be used to melt accumulated snow mounds piled up by street crews.

Pre De-Icer continues to work well below zero.





Power Utility Lines:

Using Commercial sprayers, Pre De-Icer can be coated on power lines to prevent ice formation which can cause downed lines.

Even if the winter storm is days away,Pre De-Icer can be applied to lines. After it dries, it is then reactivated when the winter storm arrives.



Commercial Trucking:

Used for any and all external parts that tend to freeze or accumulate ice.  

Market to the over 7000 Trucks Stops/Centers in the United States.



Nautical:

Prevent ice formation on Decking Structures to decrease hazards and risk of capsizing.

Treatment for all external equipment prone to ice build up.

Treatment of boat docks weighted down by snow, and that are at risk of sinking moored boats.



Heavy Equipment Industry:

Can be applied to any exterior machinery or equipment that is hindered by ice formation.

Potential use on Military Equipment.



Roof Structures:

Treatment of roofs at risk of collapsing during heavy winter events.







Aeronautical:

Conduct R&D to determine if Pre De-Icer could be used within the multi-billion dollar de icing of airplanes, tarmacs, and runways.



Product Cost Overview 

Purchasing in large bulk, total product cost is roughly $1.64 gallon (ingredients only) and $622 per metric ton.



Cooperate Team

Pre De-Icer was invented by Martin D. Simpson who will assist with any tasks or positions moving forward.  However, an experienced leadership team is sought to take Pre De-Icer to the next level.
