Prenatal Paternity Testing Solutions

2024

Overview

Prenatal Paternity Testing Solutions(PPTS) is an Internet Call Center that offers the Non-Invasive Prenatal DNA Paternity Test(NIPPT) to pregnant women throughout the country. 



To date, with limited operations, PPTS advertises in two local metropolitan areas, solely using a proprietary Geo-SEO process developed by Martin D. Simpson.  No other marketing has been implemented at this time.  Within six months the plan is to be in 50 markets.





Where ADT is at presently…

Martin Simpson is operating and developing PPTS at the same time, this is increasingly becoming unmanageable on a variety of fronts. A qualified Administrator/Sales representative needs to take over general operations and allow Martin Simpson to develop PPTS to its full potential...









What has recently changed...

Prior to the Covid Pandemic, search engines were not as accepting of virtual home offices.  Now search engines are embracing the philosophy and the industry is seeing it occur much more... This, coupled with the  Local SEO developed by Martin Simpson, greatly gives APT an overwhelming market share in the DNA paternity testing industry. 

What is needed…….

A creative individual that can  build over the next 12 months a sales staff network not to exceed seven individuals to operate in 200 local metropolitan areas.





Market Place



The industry is predominantly dominated by large, archaic thinking corporations as it relates to marketing innovation and evolution. Plus, only one other company focuses on the NIPPT marketplace, all others focus on the post birth DNA Legal Paternity Test.  Done properly, market dominance could be achieved using Martin Simpson proprietary Geo-SEO.



Ultimate Goal

From its conception PPTS has been developed to sell two to three years after completion.. by segmenting the company into different regions the option of loosely franchising or leasing that regional area could be considered. However the ultimate exit strategy is to eventually sell within five years .
