Windshield Warrior

                                                             2020

With new Windshield Warrior, you will never need to use an Ice Scraper or a traditional De-Icer again! 

Eco Friendly Windshield Warrior is an Pre De-Icer  gel that prevents formation of ice on an automobile's windshield. You can use it after, but it works better before. A Motorist simply applies it on the windshield just prior to a winter storm. When they are ready to drive, they turn on the windshield wipers and their windshield is clean and ice free.

Windshield Warrior’s Advantages and Benefits

Windshield Warrior is the only proven product that can be used BEFORE the winter storm to avoid the build up of ice, hence the donation, “Pre”; however, it can be used as a traditional De-Icer after the storm has hit as well.

Windshield Warrior allows drivers to stay out of the bitter cold and avoid unsafe driving practices, such as “peephole driving.”

Windshield Warrior also coats the wiper blade preventing them from freezing while driving in a winter storm.

Its unique, environmentally friendly formula melts ice, snow, or frost in subzero temperatures while being safe on paint and other auto surfaces.

At $6.99 a bottle, Windshield Warrior is affordable, as well as, compact enough to keep in a console.

Product Costs Overview 

If purchasing in large bulk, total product cost is under .70 cents per 8 ounce bottle direct to consumer sales.





Corporate Team

Windshield Warrior was invented by Martin D. Simpson who will assist with any tasks moving forward.  However, an experienced leadership team is sought to take Windshield Warrior to the next level.



Potential Market Share 

In the United States, there are roughly 250 million registered vehicles on the road.  If conservatively only 10% are in colder climate areas, that number is reduced to 25 million. Continuing with this reduction, if only 10% of drivers purchase Windshield Warrior, that number is further reduced to 2.5 million.   Even ignoring commercial vehicles, the estimated annual sales of Windshield Warrior could be upwards of 17.5 million dollars in the United States alone.

In addition, the Ice Scraper market exceeds 15 million dollars annually.



Products marketed for Winter Storms

Virtually all other products are marketed as a “De-icer,” that requires application after the weather event is over.  Consequently,  requireing the driver to be exposed to the elements and the hazards associated with the winter storm. Below is a list of some of these products:

Rain‑X® De-Icer

Prestone Windshield De-Icer

Ice Off

ProZ Snow and Frost Shield









Example of Windshield Warrior during 5 Degree Fahrenheit weather event.

Application Part 1

Application Part 2

Removal 



Branding Ideas/Possibilities

Currently when a winter storm approaches, consumers think scraper or de icer , with strategic marketing, change this to a “muscle memory”, where a consumer automatical thinks instead, “I better get some Windshield Warrior”....Amoral did it for tires, windex did it for windows……..
